

              License Agreement for Driver Software
                   IMPORTANT (READ CAREFULLY)

This document is a legal agreement between you, the end user
(LICENSEE), and Ballard Technology, Inc.  (BALLARD) for the BALLARD
software product identified above (SOFTWARE), which includes associated
media, printed materials, and any online or electronic documentation. 
By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE you are
agreeing to become bound by the terms of this agreement, which includes
the software license, the Safety Warning, and the version of BALLARD's
Limited Warranty (AD195, unless otherwise mutually agreed by written
contract) in effect when the product was obtained from BALLARD (e.g.,
at the time of purchase).

If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, promptly return the
product to Ballard Technology.  The amount you paid for an unused
product will be refunded.

GRANT OF LICENSE: Regardless of how the SOFTWARE was obtained, whether
without charge or through a purchase, the SOFTWARE may only be used in
conjunction with a BALLARD hardware product.  Additional copies may be
made and may reside on other computers as long as they are used in
connection with a BALLARD hardware product.  You may not modify, adapt,
translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE.

OWNERSHIP OF SOFTWARE: As the LICENSEE you may own the magnetic or
other physical media on which the SOFTWARE is originally or
subsequently recorded or fixed; but BALLARD retains title and ownership
of the SOFTWARE recorded on the original and all subsequent copies of
the SOFTWARE, regardless of the form or media on which it may exist. 
This license is not a sale of the original SOFTWARE or any copy.

UPGRADES: If the SOFTWARE is an upgrade, then it is considered a part
of the original SOFTWARE package.

COPY RESTRICTIONS: The SOFTWARE and accompanying written materials are
copyrighted.  You may make copies of the SOFTWARE for backup for use
with a BALLARD hardware product.  Copies may not be sold.  You must
reproduce and include the copyright notice on all copies, and the full
text of this agreement must be readily accessible within all copies.

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: All information, whether in printable or
computer readable form, marked as confidential or proprietary to
BALLARD (e.g., BALLARD TECHNOLOGY CONFIDENTIAL) is excluded from this
license and may only be used as authorized by BALLARD in a separate
written document.

TERMINATION: This license is effective until terminated.  Without
prejudice to any other rights, BALLARD may terminate this license if
you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this agreement.

MISCELLANEOUS: This agreement is governed by the laws of the State of
Washington.

SAFETY WARNING: Ballard products are of commercial grade and therefore
are neither designed, manufactured, nor tested to standards required
for use in critical applications where a failure or deficiency of the
product may lead to injury, death, or damage to property.  Without
prior specific approval in writing by the president of Ballard
Technology, Inc., Ballard products are not authorized for use in such
critical applications.



Ballard Technology, Inc. 
www.ballardtech.com
support@ballardtech.com

Document Ref: AD203-20080104
Date: January 4, 2008
